Now that we have our blockchain working where our blocks are being linked
together with the previousBlock in regards to the BlockHash,
now we need to look at adding
additional functionality such as block height and the block timestamp.
So, let's go ahead and implement that now.
Within our AddBlock function,
let's go ahead and add a new line,
and this time let's go ahead and call our newBlock object,
and we want to reference to the height.
To get our block height, we're simply going to refer to our means of storage.
In this case, it's chain.
So, we're going to say this.chain,
and we're going to reference to the length of that chain.
Perfect. Now that we have the chain.length,
let's go ahead and add a timestamp.
Same thing, we need to refer to our newBlock.
Now, we're going to go ahead and reference to our time variable.
Now, to get the date, we're going to use a built-in function called Date.
So, let's go ahead and create a new Date object,
and we're going to want to get the current time,
and we want to convert that to a string,
and then next we want to slice that string and remove
the last three characters from the string.
That will allow us to have
a compatible UTC timestamps that we can verify with external resources.
Okay, perfect.
Now, this is a great point to test our cone.
We would like to go ahead and add a newBlock to the chain,
we want to see the block height increment,
and then we would like to see the timestamp be unique.
To do this, we need an external node environment and re-enter the node environment,
pasting in our newly modified cone,.exit.
Wonderful results.
Now, our blockchain is configured to add the block height,
and this case, block height is zero for our Genesis block,
we have a unique timestamp for that Genesis block.
Next, we have the block height,
one, incrementing up with a unique timestamp,
and we can see that that is continuing to move forward;
that's the exact results we're looking for.
To recap, we modified our AddBlock function
to include block height within our newBlock object.
In addition, we configured our newBlock object to
include a timestamp that's following the UTC format.